ZEN CLASS DAY 1 TASKS

Task 1:

HTTPS 1.1 Vs. HTTPS 2.0

HTTP/1.1 has been around for more than a decade. With Google’s SPDY leading the way in 2015, the IETF (Internet Engineering Task Force) gave us HTTP/2,
which introduces several features to reduce page load times.

HTTP/2 achieves faster webpage loading without performance optimizations that require extensive human efforts in terms of development.It significantly
reduces the complexities that had crept into HTTP/1.1 and gives us a robust protocol which, though not without its flaws,perhaps stand the test of time.
Before making this leap forward, let’s trace our steps back to when the internet was in its infancy to understand how the different versions evolved into
the current form.

Task 2:

5 differences between Browser JS(console) & Nodejs

1)In browsers, the top-level scope is the global scope. That means that in browsers if you're in the global scope var something will define a global variable.
In Node this is different. The top-level scope is not the global scope; var something inside a Node module will be local to that module.

2)Node.js allows you control the environment. Unless you are building an open source application that anyone can deploy anywhere, you know which version of
Node you will run the application on. Compared to the browser environment, where you don’t get the luxury to choose what browser your visitors will use, this
is very convenient.This means that you can write all the modern ES6-7-8-9 JavaScript that your Node version supports.

3)In the browser, most of the time what you are doing is interacting with the DOM, or other Web Platform APIs like Cookies. Those do not exist in Node, of course.
You don’t have the document, window and all the other objects that are provided by the browser.

4)In the browser, we don’t have all the nice APIs that Node.js provides through its modules, like the filesystem access functionality.Node uses the Common JS module
system, while in the browser we are starting to see the ES Modules standard being implemented.

5)Node uses the Common JS module system, while in the browser we are starting to see the ES Modules standard being implemented.
